docs: Add clarification to docs (#6542)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/self-host/customize-deployment/configure-lightdash-to-use-external-object-storage.mdx

```

We also support IAM roles. If you don't provide `S3_ACCESS_KEY` and `S3_SECRET_KEY` the S3 library will try to use IAM roles,
see this [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v2/developer-guide/setting-credentials-node.html) for more details.

> The expiration time is optional and defaults to 259200 (seconds). However, you should keep in mind that link to your object url will be available for the maximum of 7 days due to signed url limitations if you use IAM role to generate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expiration time is optional and defaults to 259200 (seconds). 

If you try to customize this expiration time, you should keep in mind that link to your object url will be available for the maximum of 7 days due to signed url limitations if you use IAM role to generate it.
```
